OSDOCS-5265: Greenboot for MicroShift (#55833)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-greenboot-systemd-journal-data.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_running applications/microshift-greenboot.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-greenboot-systemd-journal-data_{context}"]
= Enabling systemd journal service data persistency

The default configuration of the `systemd` journal service stores the data in the volatile `/run/log/journal` directory. To persist system logs across system starts and restarts, enable log persistence and set limits on the maximal journal data size. The following steps allow you to enable `systemd` journal service data persistency.

.Procedure

. Make the directory and create the configuration file by running the following commands:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ sudo mkdir -p /etc/systemd/journald.conf.d

> cat <<EOF | sudo tee /etc/systemd/journald.conf.d/microshift.conf &>/dev/null

Reviewer: as @jeana-redhat pointed out, lines 17 and 18 are separate commands. Line 17 makes the directory and line 18 populates the file.

Author: Thank you.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_running applications/microshift-greenboot.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-greenboot-systemd-journal-data_{context}"]

> = Enabling systemd journal service data persistency

Reviewer 2: The procedure is generic. However, it's required for Greenboot in the context of having the ability to review logs from previous boots. We can move this section out of Greenboot docs, but we need to reference it from Greenboot.

> = Enabling systemd journal service data persistency

Author: I propose we leave this here until we determine what the RHEL team might add to their docs. I am unfamiliar with their release schedules and priorities. We gave them this docs issue as one for them to consider on the RHEL side, but I have not heard back yet (and don't have a timeline for that).

The default configuration of the `systemd` journal service stores the data in the volatile `/run/log/journal` directory. To persist system logs across system starts and restarts, enable log persistence and set limits on the maximal journal data size.

.Procedure

* To enable `systemd` journal service data persistency, use the following steps:
+
. Make the directory and create the configuration file by running the following commands:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ sudo mkdir -p /etc/systemd/journald.conf.d

> cat <<EOF | sudo tee /etc/systemd/journald.conf.d/microshift.conf &>/dev/null

Author: Hmm, it's making the directory, the file, listing contents, then writing to it all in one step, eh? QE said OK on this, so I'll leave it.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_running applications/microshift-greenboot.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-greenboot-systemd-journal-data_{context}"]
= Enabling systemd journal service data persistency

> The default configuration of the `systemd` journal service stores the data in the volatile `/run/log/journal` directory. To persist system logs across system starts and restarts, create a `/var/log/journal directory` and set limits on the maximal journal data size. You can enable data persistency by following the procedure here (fix).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default configuration of the `systemd` journal service stores the data in the volatile `/run/log/journal` directory. To persist system logs across system starts and restarts, enable log persistence and set limits on the maximal journal data size. You can enable data persistency by following the procedure here (fix).
```

//FIX ME language
https://github.com/ggiguash/microshift/blob/main/docs/greenboot.md#the-systemd-journal-service-configuration
//use updated procedure; two commands (create dir for config file, then create config file); instead of editing system files

> .Procedure

Reviewer 2: This procedure should be fixed.
